Chen Jing was new to our circle because of my relationship.
He's been in the company for two and a half years.
And we've known each other for so many years, you still can't believe I'm a German.
It's because we've known each other for so long that I'm clear.
You don't give a damn about that bird under your pants.
No other woman needs to be so serious.
If it wasn't for the fact that he had a little bit of bravery,
I let him roll a long time ago.
Dear, I saw how much he paid for the Van Hai project.
The project can go forward now. He's contributed a lot.
Isn't this like him?
Did he seduce you?
I soon knew he was not the fire of the gods.
Why kill him so badly, I have nothing to do with him.
But I
I really like him.
If you don't care
You give him freedom.
OK, if you can convince him to transfer the stake in his hand to me, I'll set him free.
In his hands, he deserves it.
I'll give you 10% in my hand.
With 10% of Zhang Liang
You own 50% of the company.
You become the largest shareholder of the company.